README.md, before:

# Timer

## Goal

Timer is a simple application helping you to track different moments of your day. If you have no
idea in which activities you spend more time or if you want to detect if you spend to much time in
an activity which is not a priority, this application can help you to reorganize your daily !

# Development goal

This application is my playground to test what I learn by learning Kotlin language.

It's also an app which can help me to be more productive by finding when I loose time during the day
and fix this to become more productive. So if I can help other people with this application, to fix
their time problems too, I would be very happy ! =)

## The future

This is a list of future features which will come in the application :

- The possibility to link timers between them to stop one when the other is started.
- Notification to show which timers are active and be able to manage them.
- Curves to track your behavior during a day.
- Add widget to the home screen to manage timers more easily.
- Android Wear support to use this application more easily.

Commit message:

[TimerFragment]Display empty view when there is no Timer

README.md, after:

# Timer

## Goal

Timer is a simple application helping you to track different moments of your day. If you have no
idea in which activities you spend more time or if you want to detect if you spend to much time in
an activity which is not a priority, this application can help you to reorganize your daily !

# Development goal

This application is my playground to test what I learn by learning Kotlin language.

It's also an app which can help me to be more productive by finding when I loose time during the day
and fix this to become more productive. So if I can help other people with this application, to fix
their time problems too, I would be very happy ! =)

## The future

This is a list of future features which will come in the application :

- The possibility to link timers between them to stop one when the other is started.
- Possibility to delete a Timer by swiping on it.
- Possibility to reorder Timers list.
- Curves to track your behavior during a day.
- Add widget to the home screen to manage timers more easily.
- Android Wear support to use this application more easily.
- Several animations to improve user experience.
